hey guys this is George or blender bug
and i'm here to show you how to use
alpha textures in the blender game
engine for this tutorial will be using
blender 2.58 because it's now considered
stable I mean well I'd be using it
anyway I don't know why I said that all
right um so we got to make this outside
part and these inside parts transparent
so easiest way to do that is use the
fuzzy selection tool and click the
outside and shift-click the inside parts
um right click layer transparency and
add alpha channel after you after you
add the alpha channel you can click
delete and it will create an alpha
channel on the parts you selected now
you can save now originally when I
downloaded this picture it was saved as
a JPEG format but unfortunately blender
doesn't support that for transparent
planes so we're going to have to change
it to PNG and then we can save
alright so from here let's just delete
that cube and make a plane because we
want just because we want a plane I'm
going to have a another window here just
for a UV image editor going going in
clicking tab to edit mode control e to
mark seam and you to unwrap and now we
can open up an image in the editor go to
where you saved it and open it up now
you can see that it's still green but
the PNG file format actually saved it as
transparent so you don't have to worry
about it we just have to activate the
transparent mode so while you're in edit
mode with a face selected go to object
data and make it two sided in the
texture face options I don't have to do
that but not for the hell of it and
instead of OPEC transparency you need to
change it to alpha this way the alphas
are activated then you can actually see
where the parts you're supposed to see
so yeah that's it i hope you guys
learned something from this i try to
make it as quick as possible yeah